The USA coach Jurgen Klinsmann has announced his 30-man squad weeks ago. But it is time for the final decision and the final 23-man squad for Brazil. He said: “ After almost 10 days of work right now, we thought the point has come to make the decision.” -- FIFA 14 PC Coins

As America shares Group G with Germany, Portugal and Ghana, they are facing an extremely tough draw in Brazil. Landon Donovan headed for a USA World Cup training session in Stanford before the final roster announced. In recent days, Donovan’s chances of selection has inspired intensifying debate. The LA Galaxy striker who had a successful spell in the Premier League with Everton. He has 156 caps and has scored a national record 57 goals. But he left out of USA squad for Brazil.

Klinsmann picked an 18-year-old German-born Bayern Munich midfielder, Julian Green, who has one cap and could be the youngest player. Donovan said in a recent interview: “ As far as Julian goes, I’m always reluctant with young players to, one way or the other, to critique them, because they’re still young and they need time to develop. We’ve seen a lot of times in this country that we get a little too excited about a young player and it ends up affecting them one way or the other, good or bad.”

Donovan took a break in 2012 which means he missed the first qualifying matches for Brazil. In 2013, he returned to Klinsmann’s squad. After the selection, Klinsmann said: “ It’s an exciting moment when you have narrowed the roster down as a coaching staff, and these 23 players that you’ve chosen can focus now purely on Brazil.”

USA final squad:

Goalkeepers: Brad Guzan, Time Howard, Nick Rimando

Defenders: DaMarcus Beasley, Matt Besler, John Brooks, Geoff Cameron, Timmy Chandler, Omar Gonzalez, Fabian Johnson, DeAndre Yedlin

Midfielders: Kyle Beckerman, Alejandro Bedoya, Michael Bradley, Brad Davis, Mix Diskerud, Julian Green, Jermaine Jones, Graham Zusi

Forwards: Jozy Altidore, Clint Dempsey, Aron Johannsson, Chris Wondolowski. More information www.fifa14mart.com


